So we got working routeing we got information about the props we received from re-act router.
Wouldn't it also be nice to see which route is active year by styling it appropriately.
We kind of want to add a special C-s S-Class to the link which is active so that we can use that class
to change the styling.
Right now if we inspect that here you'll see it is a longer tag which was created behind the scenes.
But again anchor tag managed by the re-act router preventing the default which would be to really send
that request.
But you also see that there is no class being added to it.
Even though that technically right now is still active page.
So what we have to do is we manually have to tell re-act router to do so and we do this by not using
a link but a different type of link.
The naphthalene component.
It's pretty similar to link but it has some extra props which allow us to define some styling for the
act of link let's replace link with Naphtol.
And make sure to imported it as I just did.
Now if you go back to the application you see re-inspected element which is a link here at the top for
the active route which is new you post in my case has changed.
There is a active class added.
Now this is as class wasn't present before it does of course now allows us to apply some styling.
So in Block C Ss I can simply add a new rule and not only change to link color to orange if we're hovering
over it or clicking on it but all to for all links which have the active class.
If we save this now Actually both are orange.
If I click on home though only home is orange Why is that the reason for this is something we learned
about earlier by default re-act router treats Steese Pasir as prefixes and the same is true for links
when checking whether a link is active or not.
It treats this as a prefix.
So we have to add exact year just as on the route to tell re-act router No the full pop should be does.
For this to be the active link.
So this doesn't change the link we're pointing to.
It will always be the pathway to fine but for the active class it would take this as a prefix.
We override that with Access.
Now the full payoff has to be slash for days to receive this active C Ss class.
So with expect added to the first link it's not needed for the second because there we don't really
have any nested links which should not trigger the active class here.
So exact added for the first link.
Now we have the Home link still being highlighted.
If we are on the root page but if they click on new post only new post is highlighted now.
So this is how we can set up active classes.
Now sometimes you don't want to use debt default of active as an active class name.
Maybe you want to use my Dasch active or highlight or whatever you want.
That's why you can override the class which should be appended.
You can add additional props and I'm just splitting this over multiple lines to make it easy to read.
You can add active class name and set this to a string.
And this could now be my active and now for you firstling.
My active will be added as an active C S S class and not the default of active.
So now you see if we reload.
Gnuplot was still installed because it still has the act of class because there I didn't change anything
but home now doesn't receive the active styling because as you can see if we expect that on the right
it has a C S S Class of my active because that is what we set up here.
Active class name my active now switches to active which is redundant because that's the default anyways
but just to leave it here for reference that you can set this up.
You also don't have to work with CSSA classes if you don't want to.
You can also set the active style instead.
So let's turn this back to my active which wouldn't apply any styling.
And let's instead said active style here.
This is a dynamic value.
It's a javascript object and it actually works just like you use inline styling.
Here you can set up any C-s as styles like maybe color and set this to f a 9 to free f which is the
color we use and C S s too but that's all the set text decoration to underline.
Now if we save this and go back to the app you'll see homeless orange and underlined.
Whereas new post is just orange because new post uses this active C S S class home.
However when being active receives my act of class which does nothing.
But then also receive some inline styling inline styling.
We set up with active style so this is how you can style the act of pollings.
The key takeaway is you have to use to naff link object not the regular link object and you might need
to use except to make sure you only style the links for the routes you want to style and you don't use
the two part here as a prefix when it comes to determining whether a route is active or not.